Removed label:classes from required properties in label item (#905)
radiantearth/stac-spec: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Label extension: `label:classes` was flagged as required when not always required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Label extension: `label:classes` was flagged as required in JSON Schema, but is only required for categorical data.
```
